Restore vb compat info and add splash/about template info (#24379)
dotnet/docs: includes/core-changes/visualbasic/3.0/vb-winforms-splash-about-broken.md

﻿### About and SplashScreen templates are broken

> The `About.vb` and `SplashScreen.vb` files generated by Visual Studio contain references to types in the `My` namespace not available .NET Core 3.0 and 3.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `About.vb` and `SplashScreen.vb` files generated by Visual Studio contain references to types in the `My` namespace that aren't available .NET Core 3.0 and 3.1.
```

#### Version introduced

3.0

#### Change description

> .NET Core 3.0 and 3.1 doesn't contain full Visual Basic `My` support. The **About** and **SplashScreen** form templates in Visual Studio for Visual Basic Windows Forms apps reference properties in the `My.Application.Info` type that aren't available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET Core 3.0 and 3.1 don't contain full Visual Basic `My` support. The **About** and **SplashScreen** form templates in Visual Studio for Visual Basic Windows Forms apps reference properties in the `My.Application.Info` type that aren't available.
```

#### Recommended action

Upgrade your app to .NET 5 or later.

-or-

> Fix the compiler errors in the **About** and **SplashScreen** types in your app. Use the `System.Reflection.Assembly` class to get the information provided byt he `My.Application.Info` type. A straight port of both forms is available here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix the compiler errors in the **About** and **SplashScreen** types in your app. Use the `System.Reflection.Assembly` class to get the information provided by the `My.Application.Info` type. A straight port of both forms is available here.
```

> [!TIP]
> This is sample code and unoptimized. The list of attributes should be cached to reduce form load time.

**About**

```vb
Imports System.Reflection

> Public NotInheritable Class about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public NotInheritable Class About
```

        End If

        Me.Text = String.Format("About {0}", applicationTitle)
        ' Initialize all of the text displayed on the About Box.
        ' TODO: Customize the application's assembly information in the "Application" pane of the project 
        '    properties dialog (under the "Project" menu).
        Me.LabelProductName.Text = If(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly().GetCustomAttribute(Of AssemblyProductAttribute)()?.Product, "")
        Me.LabelVersion.Text = String.Format("Version {0}", Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly().GetName().Version)
        Me.LabelCopyright.Text = If(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly().GetCustomAttribute(Of AssemblyCopyrightAttribute)()?.Copyright, "")
        Me.LabelCompanyName.Text = If(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly().GetCustomAttribute(Of AssemblyCompanyAttribute)()?.Company, "")
        Me.TextBoxDescription.Text = If(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly().GetCustomAttribute(Of AssemblyDescriptionAttribute)()?.Description, "")
    End Sub

    Private Sub OKButton_Click(ByVal sender As System.Object, ByVal e As System.EventArgs) Handles OKButton.Click
        Me.Close()
    End Sub

End Class
```

**SplashScreen**

```vb
Imports System.Reflection

> Public NotInheritable Class SplashScreen1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public NotInheritable Class SplashScreen
```
